#192 Self Collisions in AdnSkin 1.6.0 (#203)
Inbibo/adonisfx_docs: docs/maya/deformers/skin.md

| **Attenuation Velocity Factor** | Float      | 1.0   | ✓ | Sets the weight of the attenuation applied to the velocities of the simulated vertices driven by the *Attenuation Matrix*. Has a range of \[0.0, 1.0\]. The upper limit is soft, higher values can be used. |
| **Sliding Constraints Mode**    | Enumerator | Fast  | ✓ | Defines the mode of execution for the sliding constraints.<ul><li>*Quality* is more accurate, recommended for final results.</li><li>*Fast* provides higher performance, recommended for preview.</li></ul> |

#### Self Collisions Properties
| Name | Type | Default | Animatable | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :------ | :--------- | :---------- |
| **Self Collisions**            | Boolean    | False        | ✓ | Toggles the self collisions on and off. |
| **Self Collisions Iterations** | Integer    | 1            | ✓ | Sets the number of iterations for the self-collision correction. Has a range of \[1, 10\]. The upper limit is soft, higher values can be used. |

> | **Point Radius Mode**          | Enumerator | Average Edge | ✓ | Determines how the point radius is computed for self-collisions.<ul><li>Uniform Value: uses the uniform value to estimate the radius.</li><li>Average Edge: uses the average edge length of the connected edges per vertex.<li></li>Minimum Edge: uses the minimum edge length of the connected edges per vertex.</li></ul> |

Author: Fixed.

| **Point Radius Scale**         | Float      | 1.0          | ✓ | Sets the scaling factor applied to the point radius. It uses the value directly if the *Point Radius Mode* is set to *Uniform Value*. Has a range of \[0.0, 3.0\]. The upper limit is soft, higher values can be used. |

> | **Search Radius**              | Float      | -1.0         | ✓ | Sets the search radius for the self collision detection. It is used to determine the maximum distance to search for self collisions. If a value lower than 0.0 is used the search radius will be estimated from the cell spacing and the substeps value internally. A value greater than 0.0 will represent a search radius in scene units. Has a range of \[-1.0, 1.0\]. The upper limit is soft, higher values can be used. |

Reviewer: I don't know if users can make any sense of "cell spacing". We're probably reusing what we have in the tooltip in the AET, however, I think we have to reformulate this. Isn't that case where the search radius depends on the averaged edges times 0.2 times substeps? If so, would this make sense?

```suggestion
| **Search Radius**              | Float      | -1.0         | ✓ | Sets the search radius for the self collision detection. It is used to determine the maximum distance to search for self collisions. If a value lower than 0.0 is used the search radius will default to the number of steps times the 0.2 of the average edge length of the whole mesh. A value greater than 0.0 will represent a search radius in scene units. Has a range of \[-1.0, 1.0\]. The upper limit is soft, higher values can be used. |
```

cc @josevalverdeinbibo @lucasferryinbibo

Reviewer: Let's say "If a value lower than 0.0 is used the search radius will be estimated from the number of steps and the average edge length of the whole mesh"
cc @lucasferryinbibo @josevalverdeinbibo

Author: Applied.

  <figcaption><b>Figure 8</b>: In red the simulated skin. Debugger enabled displaying the <i>Shape Preservation Constraints</i> colored in blue with *Triangulate Mesh* option disabled (Left) and enabled (Right).</figcaption>
</figure>

<figure markdown>

>   ![skin editor shape preservation constraint debug](../images/skin_self_collisions_volume_debug.png)

Author: Fixed, thanks.
